## 왜 중요한가?

Abstract
                  
                    The automation of science is a long-standing ambition in artificial intelligence (AI) research
                    1,2
                    . Although the community has made substantial progress in automating individual components of the scientific process, a system that autonomously navigates the entire research life cycle—from conception to publication—has remained out of reach. Here we present a pipeline for automating the entire scientific process end to end. We present The AI Scientist, which creates research ideas, writes code, runs experiments, plots and analyses data, writes the entire scientific manuscript, and performs its own peer review. Its ideas, execution and presentation are of sufficient quality that the manuscript generated by this AI system passed the first round of peer review for a workshop of a top-tier machine learning conference. The workshop had an acceptance rate of 70%. Our system leverages modern foundation models
                    3–5
                    within a complex agentic system. We evaluate The AI Scientist in two settings: a focused mode using human-provided code templates as an initial scaffold for conducting research on a specific topic and a template-free, open-ended mode that leverages agentic search for wider scientific exploration
                    6,7
                    . Both settings produce diverse ideas and automatically test, report on and evaluate them. This achievement demonstrates the growing capacity of AI for making scientific contributions and signifies a potential paradigm shift in how research is conducted. As with any impactful new technology, there could be important risks, including taxing overwhelmed review systems and adding noise to the scientific literature. However, if developed responsibly, such autonomous systems could greatly accelerate scientific discovery.
